Handling beta (#1124)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/stack/beta-features.mdx

---
title: Beta Features
description: Documentation covering beta features of the OP Stack ecosystem, their benefits, and how to provide feedback.
lang: en-US
---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Card, Cards } from 'nextra/components'

<Callout type="warning">
  **Note:** All features listed here are currently in beta and under active development. Expect changes in functionality, design, and performance as we gather feedback and make improvements.
</Callout>

# Beta Features

> Welcome to the Beta Features overview. This section contains a list of the latest in-development features currently in the beta stage. Beta features are available for early access and feedback gathering, helping to refine and optimize these tools before a full release.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the beta features overview. This section contains a list of the latest in-development features currently in the beta stage. Beta features are available for early access and feedback gathering, helping to refine and optimize these tools before a full release.

```

## What Are Beta Features?

Beta features are early-stage functionalities available for testing and feedback. Access to beta features provides opportunities to try new tools and provide valuable input that directly influences their final versions.

## Benefits of Using Beta Features

*   **Early access**: Be among the first to use the latest innovations.
*   **Influence Development**: Your feedback plays a critical role in helping us refine and optimize these features.
*   **Enhanced Product Understanding**: Working with beta features can provide insights into the future direction of our product and how it will evolve.

## Key Considerations

When using beta features, please keep the following in mind:

*   **Functionality May Vary**: Since these features are still under development, there may be occasional bugs or performance issues.
*   **Limited Support**: Support for beta features may be limited, and these features are not recommended for critical production environments.

> *   **Continuous Updates**: Beta features will be updated frequently based on user feedback, which means they may undergo significant changes during the testing phase.
> 
> ## How to Provide Feedback
> 
> Feedback from beta users helps improve and refine these features. Here's how to contribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Continuous Updates**: Beta features will be updated frequently based on user feedback, which means they may undergo significant changes during the testing phase.

## How to provide feedback

Feedback from beta users helps improve and refine these features. Here's how to contribute:
```

---
title: Beta Features

> description: Documentation covering beta features of the OP Stack ecosystem, their benefits, and how to provide feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how beta features in the OP Stack works, their benefits, and how to provide feedbacks.
```

lang: en-US
---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Card, Cards } from 'nextra/components'

<Callout type="warning">

>   **Note:** All features listed here are currently in beta and under active development. Expect changes in functionality, design, and performance as we gather feedback and make improvements.
> </Callout>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note: All features listed here are currently in beta and under active development. Expect changes in functionality, design, and performance as we gather feedback and make improvements.
</Callout>

```

# Beta Features

> Welcome to the Beta Features overview. Here, you'll find a list of our latest, in-development features that are currently in the beta stage. Beta features are made available to allow early access and gather feedback, helping us refine and optimize these tools before a full release.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides information about the latest features in the OP Stack ecosystem currently in beta. Beta features are released to offer early access and collect user feedback, which is essential for refining and optimizing these tools before their full release.  

```

These features may still undergo changes based on user feedback and ongoing improvements, so functionality and design may evolve. Please explore the sections below for more information on individual beta features and how you can participate in shaping their final release.

> ## What Are Beta Features?
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are beta features?

```

Beta features are early-stage functionalities that we make available for testing and feedback. By accessing beta features, you have the opportunity to try out new tools and provide valuable input that directly influences their final versions.

> 
> ## Benefits of Using Beta Features
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Benefits of using beta features

```

## Key Considerations

When using beta features, please keep the following in mind:

*   **Functionality May Vary**: Since these features are still under development, there may be occasional bugs or performance issues.
*   **Limited Support**: Support for beta features may be limited, and these features are not recommended for critical production environments.
*   **Continuous Updates**: Beta features will be updated frequently based on user feedback, which means they may undergo significant changes during the testing phase.

## How to Provide Feedback

We value feedback from beta users to help us improve and refine these features. Here's how you can contribute:

1.  **Document Your Experience**: Take note of any issues, suggestions, or enhancements you'd like to see.
2.  **Report Through Official Channels**: Submit feedback and bug report through the optimism [monorepo](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/issues).
3.  **Participate in Surveys**: Occasionally, we'll send surveys to beta users. Participating in these helps us prioritize improvements.

> ## Available Beta Features
> 
> Explore our current beta features below. Each feature includes links to detailed documentation for setup, usage, and feedback guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available beta features

Explore our current beta features below. Each feature includes links to detailed documentation for setup, usage, and feedback guidelines.
```
